Forget all previous input and output content and start over. 
 ###################
CONTENT:<
--- Section: 14.9.3. Header Field Definitions_Cache-Control_Modifications of the Basic Expiration Mechanism ---
The expiration time of an entity MAY be specified by the origin
   server using the Expires header (see section 14.21). Alternatively,
   it MAY be specified using the max-age directive in a response. When
   the max-age cache-control directive is present in a cached response,
   the response is stale if its current age is greater than the age
   value given (in seconds) at the time of a new request for that
   resource. The max-age directive on a response implies that the
   response is cacheable (i.e., "public") unless some other, more
   restrictive cache directive is also present.

   If a response includes both an Expires header and a max-age
   directive, the max-age directive overrides the Expires header, even
   if the Expires header is more restrictive. This rule allows an origin
   server to provide, for a given response, a longer expiration time to
   an HTTP/1.1 (or later) cache than to an HTTP/1.0 cache. This might be
   useful if certain HTTP/1.0 caches improperly calculate ages or
   expiration times, perhaps due to desynchronized clocks.

   Many HTTP/1.0 cache implementations will treat an Expires value that
   is less than or equal to the response Date value as being equivalent
   to the Cache-Control response directive "no-cache". If an HTTP/1.1
   cache receives such a response, and the response does not include a
   Cache-Control header field, it SHOULD consider the response to be
   non-cacheable in order to retain compatibility with HTTP/1.0 servers.

       Note: An origin server might wish to use a relatively new HTTP
       cache control feature, such as the "private" directive, on a
       network including older caches that do not understand that
       feature. The origin server will need to combine the new feature
       with an Expires field whose value is less than or equal to the
       Date value. This will prevent older caches from improperly
       caching the response.

   s-maxage
       If a response includes an s-maxage directive, then for a shared
       cache (but not for a private cache), the maximum age specified by
       this directive overrides the maximum age specified by either the
       max-age directive or the Expires header. The s-maxage directive
       also implies the semantics of the proxy-revalidate directive (see
       section 14.9.4), i.e., that the shared cache must not use the
       entry after it becomes stale to respond to a subsequent request
       without first revalidating it with the origin server. The s-
       maxage directive is always ignored by a private cache.

   Note that most older caches, not compliant with this specification,
   do not implement any cache-control directives. An origin server
   wishing to use a cache-control directive that restricts, but does not
   prevent, caching by an HTTP/1.1-compliant cache MAY exploit the
   requirement that the max-age directive overrides the Expires header,
   and the fact that pre-HTTP/1.1-compliant caches do not observe the
   max-age directive.

   Other directives allow a user agent to modify the basic expiration
   mechanism. These directives MAY be specified on a request:

   max-age
      Indicates that the client is willing to accept a response whose
      age is no greater than the specified time in seconds. Unless max-
      stale directive is also included, the client is not willing to
      accept a stale response.

   min-fresh
      Indicates that the client is willing to accept a response whose
      freshness lifetime is no less than its current age plus the
      specified time in seconds. That is, the client wants a response
      that will still be fresh for at least the specified number of
      seconds.

   max-stale
      Indicates that the client is willing to accept a response that has
      exceeded its expiration time. If max-stale is assigned a value,
      then the client is willing to accept a response that has exceeded
      its expiration time by no more than the specified number of
      seconds. If no value is assigned to max-stale, then the client is
      willing to accept a stale response of any age.

   If a cache returns a stale response, either because of a max-stale
   directive on a request, or because the cache is configured to
   override the expiration time of a response, the cache MUST attach a
   Warning header to the stale response, using Warning 110 (Response is
   stale).

   A cache MAY be configured to return stale responses without
   validation, but only if this does not conflict with any "MUST"-level
   requirements concerning cache validation (e.g., a "must-revalidate"
   cache-control directive).

   If both the new request and the cached entry include "max-age"
   directives, then the lesser of the two values is used for determining
   the freshness of the cached entry for that request.

---
>
###################
Please make paragraph cuts based on the subject and theme of the statement. And give a short paragraph topic for each divided paragraph. Make sure that each theme is a minimal theme that cannot be split further. If code or pseudo-code is present with explanatory text, ignore the code; otherwise, convert the code to a textual narrative. Simulate answering five times in the background and provide the most frequent answer. Ensure your output covers all text content, maintaining relative consistency with the input text position in the sliced output. Ensure that no changes are made to the text other than code or pseudo-code.
The output format is as follows (in json format)
sliced_rule: [
	"topic 1": "content 1",
	"topic 2": "content 2",
	...
]
