--- Section: 4. UDP Jumbograms ---
The 16-bit Length field of the UDP header limits the total length of
   a UDP packet (that is, a UDP header plus data) to no greater than
   65,535 octets.  This document specifies the following modification of
   UDP to relax that limit: UDP packets longer than 65,535 octets may be
   sent by setting the UDP Length field to zero, and letting the
   receiver derive the actual UDP packet length from the IPv6 payload
   length.  (Note that, prior to this modification, zero was not a legal
   value for the UDP Length field, because the UDP packet length
   includes the UDP header and therefore has a minimum value of 8.)

   The specific requirements for sending a UDP jumbogram are as follows:

      When sending a UDP packet, if and only if the length of the UDP
      header plus UDP data is greater than 65,535, set the Length field
      in the UDP header to zero.

      The IPv6 packet carrying such a large UDP packet will necessarily
      include a Jumbo Payload option in a Hop-by-Hop Options header; set
      the Jumbo Payload Length field of that option to be the actual
      length of the UDP header plus data, plus the length of all IPv6
      extension headers present between the IPv6 header and the UDP
      header.

      For generating the UDP checksum, use the actual length of the UDP
      header plus data, NOT zero, in the checksum pseudo-header [IPv6,
      Section 8.1].

   The specific requirements for receiving a UDP jumbogram are as
   follows:

      When receiving a UDP packet, if and only if the Length field in
      the UDP header is zero, calculate the actual length of the UDP
      header plus data from the IPv6 Jumbo Payload Length field minus
      the length of all extension headers present between the IPv6
      header and the UDP header.

      In the unexpected case that the UDP Length field is zero but no
      Jumbo Payload option is present (i.e., the IPv6 packet is not a
      jumbogram), use the Payload Length field in the IPv6 header, in
      place of the Jumbo Payload Length field, in the above calculation.

      For verifying the received UDP checksum, use the calculated length
      of the UDP header plus data, NOT zero, in the checksum pseudo-
      header.

---

