--- Section: 5. TCP Jumbograms ---
Because there is no length field in the TCP header, there is nothing
   limiting the length of an individual TCP packet.  However, the MSS
   value that is negotiated at the beginning of the connection limits
   the largest TCP packet that can be sent, and the Urgent Pointer
   cannot reference data beyond 65,535 bytes.

5.1 TCP MSS

   When determining what MSS value to send, if the MTU of the directly
   attached interface minus 60 [IPv6, Section 8.3] is greater than or
   equal to 65,535, then set the MSS value to 65,535.

   When an MSS value of 65,535 is received, it is to be treated as
   infinity.  The actual MSS is determined by subtracting 60 from the
   value learned by performing Path MTU Discovery [MTU-DISC] over the
   path to the TCP peer.

5.2 TCP Urgent Pointer

   The Urgent Pointer problem could be fixed by adding a TCP Urgent
   Pointer Option.  However, since it is unlikely that applications
   using jumbograms will also use Urgent Pointers, a less intrusive
   change similar to the MSS change will suffice.

   When a TCP packet is to be sent with an Urgent Pointer (i.e., the URG
   bit set), first calculate the offset from the Sequence Number to the
   Urgent Pointer.  If the offset is less than 65,535, fill in the
   Urgent field and continue with the normal TCP processing.  If the
   offset is greater than 65,535, and the offset is greater than or
   equal to the length of the TCP data, fill in the Urgent Pointer with
   65,535 and continue with the normal TCP processing.  Otherwise, the
   TCP packet must be split into two pieces.  The first piece contains
   data up to, but not including the data pointed to by the Urgent
   Pointer, and the Urgent field is set to 65,535 to indicate that the
   Urgent Pointer is beyond the end of this packet.  The second piece
   can then be sent with the Urgent field set normally.

   Note: The first piece does not have to include all of the data up to
   the Urgent Pointer.  It can be shorter, just as long as it ends
   within 65,534 bytes of the Urgent Pointer, so that the offset to the
   Urgent Pointer in the second piece will be less than 65,535 bytes.

   For TCP input processing, when a TCP packet is received with the URG
   bit set and an Urgent field of 65,535, the Urgent Pointer is
   calculated using an offset equal to the length of the TCP data,
   rather than the offset in the Urgent field.

   It should also be noted that though the TCP window is only 16-bits,
   larger windows can be used through use of the TCP Window Scale option
   [TCP-EXT].

---

